hey guys and welcome to another
minecraft tutorial today I'm going to
show you basically the things you need
to have a wall the statistics or
properties you need for a good
enchantment room the first one we're
gonna look at here is isn't alright
design pretty cool take a little bit of
a house you can have this inside walls
or something to hide the outside like
book lock well yeah this is just
obviously the more box inside and if I
turn particles they're on usually you'll
see where it's floating into the
enchantment table everybody got an
enchanted sword so getting a warrant
just clear all this
see ya know words of not an unusual easy
words not going in and now one important
each out the sword to examine it not
very good enchantment to come up maximum
five so that's just a normal enchantment
table so it doesn't matter no matter if
you've got the flaws in or if you've got
the roof the same or yeah you won't get
any different out of the floors to be
honest doesn't really make a difference
whether or not you've got like a gap
well yeah it might Isis you've got a gap
sorry see if I put them in words begin
to flow and it's a bit like you like
yeah we're treating the flow in the
needs to be a one job not to because the
words can't connect and the floors it
doesn't matter because if it's below or
above the words can't flow through the
walls or anything on the can't go up
they need support directly across is the
second design they see a couple of words
floating through not that many
once again no difference on the roof but
listen I haven't got the floor these
dual
next what these gaps in there affect the
difference between them all oops
still you get a pretty decent one I
think the maximum is 15 don't really get
any difference at all
apart from an extra 10 which is still a
different sport you still want those
magical level 50 enchantments next we
have a small combined one yeah you see
just the normal enchantment table at
once again nothing special this is
because the words have no room to
connect to the enchantment table they
have the con even the book doesn't
really connect to you either
unless you hop inside so that's not
really an effective one over this I find
is probably the most effective design
yes I've added the roof and the floor
but that's just of my choice because it
gives you the wooden look you can just
obviously use one planks book I really
couldn't be bothered just going into my
inventory scrolling down a couple what
yeah that's just because I did this
quite quickly what you'll see it when I
enter this sword straight away very high
level enchantment level 38 lower 47 low
45 this is because all the way around
the top blade doesn't really make much
difference like but it's these two
layers here
the third ones just to give it more of a
roomy feel instead of being squashed and
stuff like that so these two lazier
give out a good source of the
enchantment there's a one layer gap but
there's still enough room obviously to
place the enchantment table it doesn't
matter really about this one but really
if you just did one an enclosed one you
can still have I don't know you going to
decide it and then coming up the top
here or something like that but that
doesn't really matter because you still
getting higher level sometimes I find
low 50 isn't even the best most of the
time because it will still give you like
a level
for it will still give you like more to
smite or something stupid like that so
we're going to enchant over there you
want to at least get a level 40
see you've got sharpness and looting
looting means you get more items out of
oh that's another project I was going to
record loot in is like increases the
amount of stuff you get from them see
usually you get about 2 or 1 dear I've
got free sooo again like I said it only
increases a chance just still get normal
but yeah what you want to do really it's
like a fortune pick and to be honest
this quite good whether you want slime
balls like this because it is hard to
find slimes in single-player this is
obviously in a flat world so you're only
a few steps away from bedrock Oh
so really it's not that difficult to
find the slides your slides just rolling
around like cows and pigs to be honest
but yeah I hope this late give you an
idea on each ant Minh hope it helped you
with your enchanting because I know it
took me a while to figure this out until
I went on multiplayer and another thing
is because I'm on creative I love on
them its source of XP on what your life
is if you get if you use your
enchantment table and you only love late
level twenty-something what you'll want
to do is every single time you place one
of these and then use your enchantment
table that sticks to the amount of XP so
if you've got like what 12 XP go avoid
each other that night but yes you've got
like 12 XP then that's what it will
stick that so if you're gonna if you
want like a level 15 jump point you've
got 50 XP by scene using one of these
mob spawn it's like I've shown you air
mmm and you want a 50/50 XP but you've
already made the room delete a block and
again and it should be back to normal
and you should get a decent XP rank so
yeah I hope this helped you a lot with
the experience kind of point of view and
the enchanting because it can be very
confusing to most people you don't
really search it often so yeah hope you
enjoyed the video and if you enjoyed the
video please leave a like and a comment
if you if it helped you a lot one
favorite and recommend it to friends if
you want more please subscribe and I
think next episode I will be explaining
what these two fascinating buildings are
next so yeah probably enjoyed the video
and I will see you next time